Lab 1

(a) Inheritance (1 point)

Design and implement a set of classes that define various types  of reading 
material.

Start by defining a parent class  called ReadingMaterial. This class  should contain
the following instance variables :
• title - a String  containing the title of the reading material
• author - a String  containing the author of reading material
• numPages - an integer  containing the number of pages in the reading material
All three variables  should be initialized  with values  passed into the 
constructor .

ReadingMaterial should also have two functions:
• isLong - takes no parameters  and returns a boolean . If the book has more
than 250 pages, this function should return true . Otherwise it returns false .
• summary - takes no parameters  and returns nothing. This function should
print out information about the book in the form "[title], written by [author]".

Three classes should inherit from Reading Material: Novel, GraphicNovel, and
Article.

The Novel class  should have the following specifications:
• An instance variable  called characters  that contains an array  of Strings 
with the names  of the principle characters  in the novel (this variable  should
be initialized  with a value  passed into the constructor , along with the novel's
title, author, and number of pages).
• A function called listCharacters which prints out the name  of all the primary
characters  in the order that they are listed, each on their own line.

The Article class  should have the following specifications:
• A String  instance variable  called publication that indicates which publication
the article was published in. This should be initialized  in the constructor .
• An overridden version of the summary function that prints out information about
the article in the following form: 
"[title], written by [author], published in [publication]"

The GraphicNovel class  should inherit directly from the Novel class  and have
the following specifications:
• A String  instance variable  called illustrator that contains the
name  of the person who illustrated the Graphic Novel. (This variable  should
be initialized  with a value  passed into the constructor , along with the novel's
title, author, and number of pages, and main characters .)
• An overridden version of the summary function that prints out information
about the book in the following form: 
"[title], written by [author], illustrated by [illustrator]."


Test the classes in a Driver class . Make one of each object :
• A Novel, harryPotter, with the title Harry Potter, author JK Rowling, 303 pages, 
and the main characters  Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, Ronald Weasley, and Voldemort.
• A GraphicNovel, avengers, with the title Avengers, author Stan Lee,
50 pages, the characters  Iron Man, Captain America, Black Widow, The Hulk, and Thor,
and the illustrator Jack Kirby.
• An Article, pc, with the title The Social Meaning of the Personal Computer, author
Bryan Pfaffenberger, 10 pages, and the publication Anthropological Quarterly.

In the Driver class , print out the summary of harryPotter, the result of harryPotter's
isLong function, the list of characters  in avengers, the summary of avengers, 
the result of pc's isLong function, and the summary of pc, with each item on its own 
line.


(b) Polymorphism: (1 point)

Implement the Speaker interface:

public interface Speaker {
public void speak();
public void announce(String  str);
}

Then, create three classes that implement Speaker in various ways: 

•	SpeakerOfTheHouse: speak method  prints "I am Speaker of the House.", and 
the announce method  takes the name  of a bill in the form of a string 
and prints it in the sentence "The [bill] has passed!"
•	SportsAnnouncer: speak method  prints "Goal!", and the announce method 
takes the name  of a team in the form of a string  and prints the sentence
"The [team] have scored a goal!"
•	Actor: speak method  prints "I've been nominated for three Academy 
Awards.", and the announce method  takes the name  of a movie in the form
of a string  and prints the sentence, "I'm currently staring in [movie]."


Create a driver class , and in the main method , prompt the user to enter three
Strings  -- the name  of a bill, the name  of a sports team, and the name  of a movie.
Then, create an object  from each of the classes described above and call the speak 
and announce methods  of each object , using the strings  provided by the user. 

(c) Using Classes in java Library (2 points)
     (1) Write a program 
•	to create a 2x10 two dimensional integer array.
•	use Math.random() from java.util.Random to generate 20 integer numbers from 100 to 1000
•	store each random number in the two dimensional array.
•	At the end, print the array. Then switch numbers between two rows then print the array again.
     (2) Design and implement an application that 
•	Uses the Random function to generate eight uppercase characters 
•	Concatenate all eight characters to a String.
 


